<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2005, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="cwres_wst" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="cwres_title">Resources used to test and publish on your server</title>
<shortdesc id="cwres_shortdesc">To test and publish on your server, you need
to define one or more of the following resources:</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords id="index"><indexterm>servers<indexterm>overview</indexterm><indexterm>creating
projects</indexterm><indexterm>runtime environment<indexterm>description</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>server projects<indexterm>overview</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>server
configurations<indexterm>overview</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>preferences<indexterm>installed
server runtime environments<indexterm>description</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>runtime environment<indexterm>description</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>applications<indexterm>compiling</indexterm></indexterm></keywords><?Pub Caret1?>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<ul id="cwres_ul">
<li>A server</li>
<li>An installed server runtime environment</li>
</ul>
<p id="cwres_p1">If a server has server configuration files, in most situations,
these server configuration files are created for you automatically and contained
in a server project.</p>
<section id="cwres_server_project"><title>Server Project</title><p>A <i>server
project</i> contains servers and server configuration files. When a server
project is created automatically by the workbench, the name given to the project
is <uicontrol>Servers</uicontrol> and is available in the Project Explorer
view under the Other Projects folder.</p></section>
<section id="cwres_servers"><title id="cwres_servers_title">Server</title><p
id="cwres_servers_p1">A <i>server</i> identifies where you want to test or
publish your application. A server points to a specific runtime environment
such as a local test environment, a full installation of a server, or a server
on another machine. A server contains the logic of how to publish to the server;
and what application projects and configurations to run.</p><p id="cwres_servers_p2">On
the workbench, when the metadata of the server is automatically created, it
is stored in a <i>serverName</i>.server file, where <i>serverName</i> is the
name assigned to the server. For details on the metadata of the server, refer
to the <i>Displaying or hiding the metadata of the server</i> link at the
bottom of this topic.</p></section>
<section><title id="cwres_serverconfig_title">Server configurations</title><p
id="cwres_serverconfig_p1"><ph>Server configurations are files that contains
information that is required to set up and publish to a server. For example,
these files may include information about what port to run the server, security
preferences and other vendor-specific server settings.</ph></p><p id="cwres_serverconfig_p2">On
the workbench, the metadata of the server configurations is automatically
created and stored in a <i>configuration data folder</i> under a server project.
The naming convention of the configuration data folder is dependant on the
vendor, typically it has the following convention: <i>serverName</i>@<i>hostname</i>-config,
where <i>serverName</i> is the name assigned to the server, and <i>hostname</i> is
the fully qualified DNS name or IP address of the host machine where the server
is running.</p></section>
<section id="cwres_installed_runtime"><title>Installed Server Runtime Environment</title>You
need to define the runtime environment of an application server for compiling
your application. A server contains a reference to an installed server runtime
environment it is currently using. For details on how to define an installed
server runtime environment, refer to the <i>Defining the installed server
runtime environments</i> link at the bottom of this topic.</section>
<section id="cwres_relationship"><title>Relationship between the resources</title><p>For
each server, you can specify the server configuration and installed server
runtime environment that should be used for that server. A server can only
point to one or no server configuration. However, a server configuration can
be pointed from one or more servers.</p><p>A relationship between a server
configuration and an application project, for example an EAR project, is created
when a project is added to the server configuration. A server can point to
one or more projects. A project can be pointed from one or more server configurations.</p></section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004654?>
