<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2005, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="rwtcpvw_wst" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">TCP/IP Monitor view</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">The TCP/IP Monitor is a simple server that monitors
all the requests and the responses between a Web browser and server. If you
want the TCP/IP Monitor view to open when there is TCP/IP activity, select
the  <uicontrol>Show TCP/IP Monitor view when there is activity</uicontrol> check
box on the TCPIP/IP Monitor preferences page (  <menucascade><uicontrol>Window </uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Run/Debug</uicontrol><uicontrol>TCP/IP Monitor</uicontrol></menucascade>).</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords id="index"><indexterm>servers<indexterm>TCP/IP monitors</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>TCP/IP monitors<indexterm>overview</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>views<indexterm>TCP/IP monitors</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section id="section"><p>You can monitor the TCP/IP activity using the TCP/IP
Monitor view (<menucascade><uicontrol>Window</uicontrol><uicontrol>Show View</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Other</uicontrol><uicontrol>Debug</uicontrol><uicontrol>TCP/IP
Monitor</uicontrol></menucascade>). This view consists of the three panes:</p><ul>
<li>List of Requests pane. Located on the top of the TCP/IP Monitor view,
this pane contains a list of requests sent to the application server.</li>
<li>Request pane. Located on the left of the TCP/IP Monitor view, this pane
contains information about the request when it is forwarded to the application
server.</li>
<li>Response pane. Located on the right side of the TCP/IP Monitor view, this
pane contains information about the response when it is received from the
application server.</li>
</ul><p>In the List of Requests pane, requests such as JSP files, servlets,
and URLs are grouped and displayed by the host machine. Selecting a request
displays the appropriate information about the request in the Request pane
and the Response pane. The  <i>response time</i> is the elapsed time that
it takes for a request to arrive at the TCP/IP Monitor until the response
is forwarded from the server.</p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002803?>
