<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="tdbgjsp_wst" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="tdbgjsp_title">Debugging a JSP file on a server</title>
<shortdesc id="tdbgjsp_shortdesc">The debugger enables you to detect and diagnose
errors in your application. It allows you to control the execution of your
program by setting breakpoints, suspending threads, stepping through the code,
and examining the contents of the variables. You can debug a JavaServer Pages
(JSP) without losing the state of your application. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords id="index"><indexterm>JSP files<indexterm>debugging on a server</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>servers<indexterm>debugging JSP files</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context id="tdbgjsp_context">To debug a JSP file on a server:</context>
<steps>
<step id="tdbgjsp_step1"><cmd>In the Project Explorer view, open your JSP
file.</cmd><info>In a Web project, JSP files are located in the Web Content
folder. Double-click the JSP file, the file opens in an editor.</info></step>
<step id="tdbgjsp_step2"><cmd>To set one or more breakpoints, you can select
a line of code in the editor and double-click the marker bar directly to the
left of the line where you want to add the breakpoint.</cmd></step>
<step id="tdbgjsp_step3"><cmd>From the JSP file's context menu in the Project
Explorer view, click  <uicontrol>Debug As> Debug on Server.</uicontrol> The
workbench switches to the Debug perspective and the server is launched in
debug mode.</cmd></step>
<step id="tdbgjsp_step4"><cmd>In the Debug view, step through the code and
make the necessary changes to the JSP file.</cmd><info>For detailed information
on debugging, refer to the Debugging <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc."
tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> applications documentation.</info>
</step>
<step id="tdbgjsp_step5"><cmd>Save the JSP file.</cmd></step>
<step id="tdbgjsp_step6"><cmd>Click the  <uicontrol>Refresh</uicontrol> icon
in the Web Browser to update the changes.</cmd><info>The state of your application
is not lost and the server recognizes your changes.</info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
