<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="testing_wst" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="testing_title">Testing artifacts on a server</title>
<shortdesc id="testing_shortdesc">You can use the workbench to test
one or more application artifacts on a server.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords id="index"><indexterm>artifacts<indexterm>testing on servers</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>servers<indexterm>testing artifacts</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context id="context">To test artifacts on a server:</context>
<steps>
<step id="testing_step1"><cmd>In the Project Explorer view from the
Java EE perspective, expand the project that contains the file you
want to test.</cmd></step>
<step id="testing_step2"><cmd>Right-click the artifact that you want
to test.</cmd><info>Examples of artifacts include the Web project
or a file within the Web project (such as a JSP file, servlet, or
HTML file), or an enterprise bean.</info></step>
<step id="testing_step3"><cmd>Select  <uicontrol>Run As > Run on Server</uicontrol>.
The Server selection wizard appears.</cmd></step>
<step id="testing_step4"><cmd>Use the radio buttons to specify how
you want to select the server. Select from the following options:</cmd>
<choicetable>
<chrow><choption>Choose an existing server</choption><chdesc>This
option uses an existing server that is defined in your workbench. </chdesc>
</chrow>
<chrow><choption>Manually define a server</choption><chdesc>This option
creates a new server.</chdesc></chrow>
</choicetable>
</step>
<step id="testing_step5"><cmd>Under the <uicontrol>Select the server
that you want to use</uicontrol> list, select a server you want to
run your application.</cmd><info>The list of available servers, under
the <uicontrol>Select the server that you want to use</uicontrol> list,
depends on the Java EE specification level you defined for the artifact
and the supported servers on this workbench.</info></step>
<step id="testing_step6"><cmd>(Optional) Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> to
configure additional settings, such as configuring settings specific
to the server, and adding or removing projects configured on the server.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd><ph id="testing_step7_ph1">Click <uicontrol>Finish.</uicontrol></ph></cmd>
<info><ph id="testing_step7_ph2">The server tools automatically complete
the following tasks for you: </ph><ul>
<li id="testing_li2">Creates the server and adds it to the Servers
View.</li><?Pub Caret -2?>
<li id="testing_li3">Adds your project to the server.</li>
<li id="testing_li4">Starts the server. (This may take time depending
on the server settings.)</li>
<li id="testing_li5">If the  <uicontrol>Automatically publish when
starting servers</uicontrol> check box on the Server preferences page
(<menucascade><uicontrol>Window > Preferences > Server > Launching</uicontrol>
</menucascade>) is selected, the workbench checks to see if your project
and files on the server are synchronized. If they are not, the project
and the files are automatically updated when the server is restarted.</li>
<li id="testing_li6">Depending on the artifact you are testing, the
output of running your artifact may display in the Console view or
in a Web browser that automatically opens.</li>
</ul></info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003444?>
