<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="thttppreview_wst" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Testing on an HTTP Preview server</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">Use the HTTP Preview server when you want to quickly
test resources in a static Web project.  The HTTP Preview server is a Hypertext
Transfer Protocol (HTTP) embedded test server that is integrated with the
workbench.  It is intended for preliminary testing and saves you time to download,
install, and set up an HTTP server.  However, as your static Web project progresses
through its development cycle you are encourage to test and run on an external
HTTP server.  You can use the HTTP Preview server as a convenient way to check
for errors before you do a final test on an external HTTP server.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords id="index"><indexterm>HTTP Preview<indexterm>testing static Web
projects</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>runtime environments<indexterm>HTTP
Preview</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>servers<indexterm>HTTP Preview server</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context id="context"><?Pub Caret1?>To create and test on an HTTP Preview
server for previewing your resources in a static Web project, complete the
following steps:</context>
<steps id="steps">
<step><cmd>In the Servers view, right-click and select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol>.
The Define a New Server wizard opens.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Under the <uicontrol>Select the server type</uicontrol> list, expand
the <b>Basic</b> folder and select <b>HTTP Preview</b>. Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>The <uicontrol>Add and Remove</uicontrol> page opens. Under the
Available projects list, select the static Web project and click the <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> button.
Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>. </cmd><info>The HTTP Preview server is
created in the Servers view.</info></step>
<step><cmd>In the Project Explorer view, navigate to your static Web project
and right-click your resource you want to test.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <menucascade><uicontrol>Run As</uicontrol><uicontrol>Run
on Server</uicontrol></menucascade>. The Run on Server wizard opens.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Verify the <uicontrol>Choose an existing server</uicontrol> radio
button is enabled.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Under the <uicontrol>Select the server that you want to use</uicontrol> list,
select the recently created HTTP Preview server. Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>The <uicontrol>Add and Remove</uicontrol> page opens. Verify the
static Web project you are testing is listed under the <uicontrol>Configured
projects</uicontrol>. Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<result id="result">The internal Web browser opens and displays the static
Web content.</result>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003064?>
