<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="tmetasrv_wst" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="tmetasrv_wst_title">Displaying or hiding the metadata of the server</title>
<shortdesc id="tmetasrv_wst_shortdesc">On the workbench, you have the option
to display or hide the metadata of the server.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords id="index"><indexterm keyref="tmetasrv|1|serversdisplayingmetadata"
status="new">servers<indexterm>displaying metadata</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm keyref="tmetasrv|2|servershidingmetadata" status="new">servers<indexterm>hiding
metadata</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm keyref="tmetasrv|3|workbenchdisplayingservermetadata"
status="changed">workbench<indexterm>server metadata</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm keyref="tmetasrv|5|serverName.serverfiledisplayingonworkbench"
status="changed">serverName.server file<indexterm>displaying</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm keyref="tmetasrv|6|serverName.serverfilehidingfromworkbench" status="changed">serverName.server
file<indexterm>hiding</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context id="tmetasrv_wst_context"><p id="tmetasrv_wst_p1">The <i>metadata</i> contains
a variety of information about the server such as:<ul>
<li>The location where the server configuration files are stored on the workbench.</li>
<li>The fully qualified DNS name or IP address of the host machine where the
server is running.</li>
<li>The name assign to the server.</li>
<li>The name of the installed server runtime environment which defines the
runtime environment of an application server for compiling your application.</li>
</ul></p><p id="tmetasrv_wst_p2">By default, the workbench hides the metadata
of the server to keep the development workspace clean. Displaying the metadata
of the server on the workbench, allows you to persists the data of the server
in a <i>serverName</i>.server file, where <i>serverName</i> is the name assigned
to the server. The <i>serverName</i>.server file is useful when you are working
in a team development environment and you are required to maintain the metadata
of the server in a source control repository.</p>To display or hide the metadata
of the server:</context>
<steps id="tmetasrv_wst_steps">
<step id="tmetasrv_step1"><cmd>In the Servers view, right-click the server
you want to display or hide the metadata and select <b>Properties</b>.</cmd>
</step>
<step id="tmetasrv_step2"><cmd><draft-comment>Modified the steps according
to the GUI changes.</draft-comment>In the <uicontrol>General</uicontrol> page
there is a <uicontrol>Location</uicontrol> field, select the <uicontrol>Switch
location</uicontrol> button to toggle between displaying and hiding the metadata
on the workbench.</cmd><info><note type="tip">If the value of the <uicontrol>Location</uicontrol> field
contains <userinput>[workspace metadata]</userinput>, this means the workbench
is hiding the metadata. To display the metadata on the workbench, select the <uicontrol>Switch
location</uicontrol> button again until the <userinput>[workspace metadata]</userinput> changes
to a file path directory. The file path directory specifies the location where
the server metadata file is stored on the workbench. The next step describes
where you can find the server metadata file in the workbench.</note></info>
</step>
<step id="tmetasrv_step3"><cmd>In the Project Explorer view, expand the <b>Servers</b> folder
and then expand your server project to locate the <i>serverName</i>.server
file, where <i>serverName</i> is the name assigned to your server.</cmd></step>
<step id="tmetasrv_step4"><cmd>(<b>Optional</b>) You can double-click <i>serverName</i>.server
file to edit the data in the server editor.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
