<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="tmonitorport_wst" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Monitoring server ports</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">You can monitor server ports to view data sent and
received over the ports of the server. Using the Properties page of a server,
you can select from a list of the available types of server ports to monitor.
Examples of types of server ports you can monitor are Hypertext Transfer Protocol
(HTTP), the administrative port of the server, proxy and many other vendor-specific
ports.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords id="index"><indexterm keyref="tmonitorport|1|propertiesmonitoringserverports"
status="new">properties<indexterm>monitoring server ports</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm keyref="tmonitorport|2|portsservers" status="new">ports<indexterm>servers</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm keyref="tmonitorport|3|viewsServermonitoringserverports" status="changed">views<indexterm>servers<indexterm>monitoring
server ports</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context id="context"><p><b>Prerequisite:</b><ul>
<li>Start the server you want to monitor.</li>
</ul></p>To define the ports you want to monitor, complete the following steps:</context>
<steps id="steps">
<step><cmd>In the Servers view, right-click a server and select <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol><uicontrol>Monitoring</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>To add a port for monitoring the server, complete the following
steps:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> button.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>The <uicontrol>Monitoring Ports</uicontrol> dialog box opens
that displays a list of available server ports that you can monitor. In this
list, select the server port that you want to monitor.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Monitor port</uicontrol>, specify a unique
port number on your local machine for monitoring purpose. By default this
field is completed with a number where its value is the assigned port number
with an increment of one. </cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Type</uicontrol> drop-down list, select the
content type you want to monitor. If you select <uicontrol>All</uicontrol>,
you are going to monitor all data sent and received on the server port you
have selected. If there are other options available in this drop-down list,
you can filter the type of data you want to monitor.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Use the <uicontrol>Start</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Stop</uicontrol> buttons
to manage the server ports.</cmd><info>The Monitor Port table lists the available
port monitoring servers. You can add, edit, remove, start or stop the available
port monitoring servers from the Monitor Port table. The <b>Status</b> column
shows if the port monitoring server is started or stopped. The <b>Type</b> 
column shows the protocol of the server port you are monitoring. The <b>Server
Port</b>  column shows the port number the port is running on the server.
The <b>Monitor Port</b> column shows the port number you are using monitoring
purpose. The <uicontrol>Content type</uicontrol> shows the type of data being
sent and received over the server port.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Click  <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol> and then  <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to
save your changes.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<result id="result">When you run the application on the server, the data is
going to display in the <xref href="rwtcpvw.dita">TCP/IP Monitor view</xref>.</result>
</taskbody>
</task>
