<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="twcrtins_wst" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Creating a server</title>
<shortdesc><ph id="shortdesc">You can create a server to identify
the runtime environment that you want to use for testing your project
resources. The term <i>creating a server</i> defines creating a pointer
from the workbench to an existing installation of an application server</ph>.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords id="index"><indexterm keyref="twcrtins|1|serverscreating"
status="new">servers<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm keyref="twcrtins|2|serverscreatingapointer" status="new">servers<indexterm>creating
a pointer</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context id="context">To create a server:</context>
<steps id="steps">
<step id="step1"><cmd>Select any of the following options:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>In the Servers view (<menucascade><uicontrol>Window</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Show View</uicontrol><uicontrol>Servers</uicontrol>
</menucascade>),  right-click and select <menucascade><uicontrol>New</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Server</uicontrol></menucascade>.</choice>
<choice>In the menu bar, click <uicontrol>File > New > Other</uicontrol>.
Expand the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> folder, select <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> and
click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step id="step2"><cmd>The New Server wizard opens. This wizard defines
a new server, that contains information required to point to a specific
runtime environment for local or remote testing, or for publishing
to an application server.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Select the server type</uicontrol> list,
select the type of server or test environment where you want to publish
or test your resources.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>(Optional) In the text field under the <uicontrol>Select
the server type</uicontrol> label, you can replace the text <userinput>type
filter text</userinput> with keywords to filter the list of available
application servers.</cmd><info>The following are examples of filter
keywords:<dl><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>Apache</userinput></dt>
<dd>Filters the list of available servers where the vendor is Apache</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>WebSphere</userinput></dt>
<dd>Filters the list of available servers where the name is WebSphere</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>ejb</userinput></dt>
<dd>Filters the list of available servers that support ejb modules.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>web</userinput></dt>
<dd>Filters the list of available servers that support Web modules</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>5.0</userinput></dt>
<dd>Filters the list of available servers that are at version, 5.0
or supports JEE 5 specification level.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>1.2</userinput></dt>
<dd>Filters the list of available servers that supports J2EE 1.2 specification
level or any servers that may have a version-level of 1.2.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></info></substep>
<substep><cmd>There is a brief description about the server selected
from the server type list.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step id="step3"><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Server's host name</uicontrol> field,
you can provide the fully qualified DNS name or IP address of the
host machine that where the server is running. By default, this field
is pre-filled with the default address: <userinput>localhost</userinput>.</cmd>
</step>
<step id="step5"><cmd>(Optional) In the <uicontrol>Server name</uicontrol> field,
type a label to identify this server entry in the Servers view.</cmd>
<info> By default, this field is completed with the following naming
convention: <i>server type</i> at <i>host name</i>, for example <userinput>Tomcat
v6.0 Server at localhost</userinput>.</info></step>
<step id="step6"><cmd>The <uicontrol>Server runtime environment</uicontrol> list
is available, when you select a server from the server type list that
contains a runtime environment entry in the Runtime Environments preferences
page (<menucascade><uicontrol>Window</uicontrol><uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Server</uicontrol><uicontrol>Runtime Environments</uicontrol>
</menucascade>).</cmd><info> In the <uicontrol>Server runtime environment</uicontrol> list,
select the runtime environment of an application server for compiling,
testing, or running your application. To modify the server runtime
environment, select the <uicontrol>Configure runtime environments</uicontrol> link.
To add a new server runtime environment, select the <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> link.
For more details about runtime environments, see the <i>Defining the
server runtime environments preferences</i> link at the bottom of
this topic.</info><info><p>If the <uicontrol>Server runtime environment</uicontrol> list
is not available, continue to the next page of the New Server wizard
where it is going to prompt you for the installation directory of
the server. After you complete this New Server wizard, the workbench
automatically adds a runtime environment entry in the Runtime Environments
preference page.</p></info></step>
<step id="step7"><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> and follow
the instructions in the wizard to specify the details of the server
that you want to create.</cmd><info> See the links at the end of this
topic, as there might be documentation available when continuing through
this wizard for creating the server you have selected in the server
type list.</info></step><?Pub Caret 206?>
<step id="step8"><cmd>After completing the New Server wizard, by click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>,
the new server appears in the Servers view.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005898?>
