<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="twedtins_wst" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Editing a server</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">You can edit your server using a server
editor. The fields that you change are dependant on what runtime environment
the server is defined to use, or whether it is defined as a local
or remote server.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords id="index"><indexterm keyref="twedtins|1|serversediting"
status="new">servers<indexterm>editing</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm keyref="twedtins|3|editorsserver" status="new">editors<indexterm>server</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context id="context">To edit a server:</context>
<steps id="steps">
<step><cmd>Open a server editor, completing one of the following:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>In the Servers view, double-click on the server that you want
to edit.</choice>
<choice>Right-click on the server in the Servers view, from the pop-up
menu select <uicontrol>Open</uicontrol>. </choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>When the server editor is open on the workbench, you can
save your changes by either selecting from the toolbar <menucascade>
<uicontrol>File</uicontrol><uicontrol>Save</uicontrol></menucascade> or
type <userinput>CTRL+S</userinput>. </cmd><info><note type="tip">Changes
to the server editor that have not yet been saved are indicated with
a * icon located at the top of the server editor. After you save your
changes on the server editor, the * icon should no longer appear on
the server editor.</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>Close all server editors before starting, restarting, or
adding and removing modules on the server.</cmd><info> Otherwise,
you might be prompt the following message:<codeblock>File Changed
The server has been changed on the file system.  Do you want to load the changes?  Yes or No.</codeblock><?Pub
Caret 0?></info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002063?>
