<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="twinstprf_wst" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Defining the server runtime environments preferences</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">Using the Preferences page, you can direct the workbench
to use a specific runtime environment of an application server for compiling,
testing, or running your application.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords id="index"><indexterm keyref="twinstprf|1|preferencesinstalledserverruntimeenvironmentsdefining"
status="new">preferences<indexterm>installed server runtime environments<indexterm>defining</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm keyref="twinstprf|2|serversruntimeenvironmentdefining" status="new">servers<indexterm>runtime
environment<indexterm>defining</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm><indexterm
keyref="twinstprf|3|runtimeenvironmentdefining" status="changed">runtime environments<indexterm>defining</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm keyref="twinstprf|4|workbenchdefiningserverruntimeenvironment"
status="changed">workbench<indexterm>server runtime environment</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm keyref="twinstprf|6|applicationsdefiningserverruntimeenvironment"
status="new">applications<indexterm>defining server runtime environment</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm keyref="twinstprf|8|installedserverruntimeenvironmentssettingpreferences"
status="changed">server runtime environments<indexterm>preferences</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context id="context"><p>A <i>server runtime environment</i> is composed of
the following definitions:  <ul>
<li>a name to identify the server runtime environment</li>
<li>the type of server that specifies the vendor and version-level of the
server</li>
<li>the directory path to a local installation of the server</li>
<li>in some cases, also includes a reference to a Java runtime environment</li>
</ul>If a server runtime environment is referencing a stub directory of the
server, you can only compile your application against the stub server.  However,
if referencing a full installation of the server, you can compile, test, and
run your application against the installation of the server.</p>To define
a server runtime environment, complete the following steps:</context>
<steps id="steps">
<step><cmd>From the Window menu, select  <uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>In the Preferences window, expand the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> folder
and then select  <uicontrol>Runtime Environments</uicontrol>.</cmd><info>The
Server Runtime Environments section of the Preferences dialog is displayed.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd importance="optional"><b>Optional: </b>Click the <uicontrol>Search</uicontrol> button.
This searches your local directory for server runtime environments. Searching
on a remote host is not supported.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>The Search for Runtime Environments dialog box opens. In the <uicontrol>Folder</uicontrol> field,
browse or type the directory where you would like the workbench to start searching
for server runtime environments. Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>If a list of installations is displayed, select the desired
target server and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> in the displayed dialog;
then click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> in the Preferences dialog. If no installations
of any application servers are found, continue completing the steps for this
task.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>.</cmd><info>The New Server Runtime
Environments wizard opens.</info>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Under the <uicontrol>Select the type of runtime environment</uicontrol> list,
select a server and version level as the target server runtime environment.</cmd>
<info><note type="tip">In the text field under the <uicontrol>Select the type
of runtime environment</uicontrol> label, you can replace the text <userinput>type
filter text</userinput> with keywords to filter the list of available application
servers. The following are examples of filter keywords:<dl><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>Apache</userinput></dt>
<dd>Filters the list of available servers where the vendor is Apache</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>WebSphere</userinput></dt>
<dd>Filters the list of available servers where the name is WebSphere</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>ejb</userinput></dt>
<dd>Filters the list of available servers that support ejb modules.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>web</userinput></dt>
<dd>Filters the list of available servers that support Web modules</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>5.0</userinput></dt>
<dd>Filters the list of available servers that are at version, 5.0 or supports
JEE 5 specification level.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>1.2</userinput></dt>
<dd>Filters the list of available servers that supports J2EE 1.2 specification
level or any servers that may have a version-level of 1.2.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></note></info></substep>
<substep><cmd>When you add a server runtime environment, by default a server
is created and added as an entry in the Servers view. If you want to only
add the server runtime environment and not create the server in the Servers
view, clear the <uicontrol>Create a new local server</uicontrol> check box.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>. A panel for the server is
displayed.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>For <uicontrol>Installation directory</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Location</uicontrol> field,
type or browse to the location of the target server.</cmd><info><note type="tip">If
you specify a false location for the target server, use the workbench to assemble
modules and then use the application server to deploy the modules.</note></info>
<info>If you selected the target server as <b>J2EE Runtime Library</b> (a
generic J2EE container), specify a directory that contains <tt>.jar</tt> files
such a <tt>\bin\lib</tt> directory for a <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc."
tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> development kit installation.</info>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd><info>The target server
name and type is added to the table in the Server Runtime Environment section.</info>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>In the Preferences dialog, click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq id="postreq"><p id="postreq_p1">To change the list of available target
servers, click <b>Window > Preferences > Server > Runtime Environments</b> to
go to the Server Runtime Environments section of the Preferences dialog. Use
the <b>Add</b>, <b>Edit</b>, <b>Remove</b> or <b>Search</b> options to change
the list of target servers as needed.</p><p id="postreq_p2">To change the
target server for a module:<ol>
<li>Right-click on the module in the Project Explorer view and click <b>Properties
> Project Facets</b>. The Project Facets page opens.</li>
<li>Select the <uicontrol>Runtimes</uicontrol> tab.</li>
<li>Under the <b>Runtimes</b> table, select the target servers for the module.</li>
</ol> </p></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
