<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2005, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="twsrtins_wst" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="twsrtins_title">Starting a server</title>
<shortdesc id="twsrtins_shortdesc">When you are ready to test your projects,
you must start a server. In some situations, listed below, the server tools
start a server for you automatically. For more information on which test server
will start, refer to the list of related topics at the end of this topic.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords id="index"><indexterm>applications<indexterm>starting servers for testing</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>projects<indexterm>starting servers for testing</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>servers<indexterm>starting for testing</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq><b id="twsrtins_prereq">Prerequisites:</b><ul>
<li id="twsrtins_prereq_li1"><xref href="twcrtins.dita">Create a server.</xref></li>
</ul></prereq>
<context id="twrstins_context"><p>Once you have started the server you can
test the projects that are associated with the server. You can stop and restart
the server at any time. The status of the server is displayed in the  <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> column
of the Servers view.</p><p>To manually start a server:</p></context>
<steps id="twrtins_steps">
<step><cmd>Switch to the Servers view.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the Servers view, right-click the server you want to start.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select  <uicontrol>Start</uicontrol>. </cmd><info>The following
things happen:<ul>
<li>If you have selected the  <uicontrol>Automatically publish when starting
servers</uicontrol> check box on the Server preferences page (<menucascade>
<uicontrol>Window</uicontrol><uicontrol> Preferences</uicontrol><uicontrol>Server</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Launching</uicontrol></menucascade> ), the workbench
checks to see if your project and files on the server are synchronized prior
to starting the server. If they are not, the project and the files are automatically
updated on the remote server when it is started.</li>
<li>A Console view opens in the workbench. It will take a minute to start
the server. If the server fails to start, check for the reason that it failed
in the Console.</li>
<li>In the  <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> column of the Servers view, the
status of the server changes to  <systemoutput>Started</systemoutput>.</li>
</ul></info></step>
</steps>
<result id="twsrtins_result"><note type="tip">The server is automatically
started when you right-click on a file and then select  <uicontrol>Run As
> Run on Server</uicontrol>.</note></result>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002752?>
