<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2005, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="twsrvprf_wst" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Defining the s<?Pub Caret?>erver preferences</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">Using the Preferences page, you can define attributes
used for testing projects by the servers. To define these preferences, complete
the following:</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords id="index"><indexterm>servers<indexterm>defining preferences</indexterm><indexterm>setting
publishing preferences</indexterm><indexterm>setting timeout delays</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>preferences<indexterm>servers</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>views<indexterm>Servers<indexterm>preferences</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<steps id="steps">
<step><cmd>In the toolbar, select <menucascade><uicontrol>Window</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the Preferences page, select  <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Specify one or more of the following settings by selecting the
appropriate check box:</cmd>
<choicetable>
<chrow><choption>Show Servers view when server state changes</choption><chdesc>The
Servers view is displayed on the workbench when there are any activities in
the Servers view. For more details about the server states refer to the <xref
href="rwrcview.dita">Servers View</xref> topic.</chdesc></chrow>
<chrow><choption>Synchronize servers on workbench startup<draft-comment>context
id = spge0028</draft-comment></choption><chdesc><draft-comment>Review description</draft-comment>This
option specifies that each time you start the workbench, it will try to update
the status of the server defined in the Servers view with the actual state
of the server, such as Started or Stopped.</chdesc></chrow>
<chrow><choption>Automatically publish to local server</choption><chdesc>Specifies
that all the files should automatically be published to the local server at
every <i>seconds</i> intervals, where <i>seconds</i> is the number of seconds
you have specified in the <uicontrol>Publishing interval (in seconds)</uicontrol> control.
The minimum value for the publishing interval is ten seconds.</chdesc></chrow>
<chrow><choption>Automatically publish to remote server</choption><chdesc>Specifies
that all the files should automatically be published to the remote server
at every <i>seconds</i> intervals, where <i>seconds</i> is the number of seconds
you have specified in the <uicontrol>Publishing interval (in seconds)</uicontrol> control.
The minimum value for the publishing interval is ten seconds.</chdesc></chrow>
<chrow><choption>Prompt before making irreversible changes within an editor</choption>
<chdesc>Specifies that the server tools will prompt you before you make a
change in a editor that cannot be undone.</chdesc></chrow>
</choicetable>
</step>
<step><cmd>Under the <uicontrol>Server timeout delay</uicontrol> drop-down
list, select one of the following relative length of time you can wait before
ending a server operation:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>Longer</choice>
<choice>Long</choice>
<choice>Normal</choice>
<choice>Short</choice>
<choice>Shorter</choice>
</choices>
<info>The default setting is <uicontrol>Normal</uicontrol>.</info><info><note
type="tip">If you have a fast processing machine, you can try using the <uicontrol>Shorter</uicontrol> timeout
delay option.  If you have a slow processing machine, you can try using the <uicontrol>Longer</uicontrol> timeout
delay option.</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>Click  <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol> and then  <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to
save your changes.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003817?>
