<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="twtcpprf_wst" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Defining the TCP/IP Monitor preferences</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">Using the Preferences page, you can define the TCP/IP
Monitor attributes. To define these preferences, complete the following:</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords id="index"><indexterm keyref="twtcpprf|1|preferencesTCP/IPMonitor"
status="new">preferences<indexterm>TCP/IP Monitor</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm keyref="twtcpprf|2|TCP/IPpreferences" status="new">TCP/IP<indexterm>preferences</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm keyref="twtcpprf|3|viewsTCP/IPMonitorpreferences" status="changed">views<indexterm>TCP/IP
monitors</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context></context>
<steps id="steps">
<step><cmd>From the toolbar, select <menucascade><uicontrol>Window</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the Preferences window, expand  <uicontrol>Run/Debug</uicontrol> and
then select  <uicontrol>TCP/IP Monitor</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Show TCP/IP Monitor View when there is activity</uicontrol> check
box if you want to display the TCP/IP Monitor view when there is activity
through a TCP/IP monitoring server.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>To add a TCP/IP monitoring server, complete the following:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Under the <uicontrol>TCP/IP Monitors</uicontrol> lists, click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<info>A <uicontrol>New Monitor</uicontrol> dialog opens.</info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Specify the following settings, then click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>:</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
<choicetable>
<chrow><choption>Local monitoring port</choption><chdesc>Specify a unique
port number on your local machine.</chdesc></chrow>
<chrow><choption>Host name</choption><chdesc>Specify the host name or IP address
of the machine where the server is running.</chdesc></chrow>
<chrow><choption>Port</choption><chdesc>Specify the port number of the remote
server.</chdesc></chrow>
<chrow><choption>Type</choption><chdesc>Specify whether the request type from
the Web browser are sent by HTTP or TCP/IP. If the HTTP option is selected
the requests from the Web browser are modified so that the HTTP header points
to the remote machine and separated if multiple HTTP requests are received
in the same connection. If the TCP/IP option is selected, all the requests
are sent byte for byte and the TCP/IP Monitor will not translate or modify
any requests that it forwards. </chdesc></chrow>
<chrow><choption>Timeout (in milliseconds)</choption><chdesc>Specify the length
of time, in milliseconds, that you can wait before ending the TCP/IP connection
to a server.</chdesc></chrow>
</choicetable>
</step>
<step><cmd>Use the <uicontrol>Start</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Stop</uicontrol> buttons
to manage the TCP/IP monitoring servers.</cmd><info>The TCP/IP Monitor table
lists the available TCP/IP monitoring servers. You can add, edit, remove,
start or stop the available TCP/IP monitoring servers from the TCP/IP Monitor
 table. The <b>Status</b> column shows if the TCP/IP monitor is started or
stopped. The <b>Host name</b>  column shows the host name or IP address of
the machine where the server is running. The <b>Type</b>  column shows whether
the request type from the Web browser are sent by HTTP or TCP/IP.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Click  <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol> and then  <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to
save your changes.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
