<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2005, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="tomcat_jst" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Creating a Tomcat server</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">The server tools feature supports the Apache Tomcat
runtime environment, running locally. With Tomcat, you can only test Web projects
that contain servlets and JSPs. To set up a server to test projects on Apache
Tomcat, complete the following: </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords id="index"><indexterm>Apache Tomcat<indexterm>testing Web projects</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>runtime environments<indexterm>Apache Tomcat</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>servers<indexterm>Apache Tomcat</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq id="prereq"><b>Prerequisites</b><p><ul>
<li>Download Apache Tomcat from  <xref format="html" href="http://jakarta.apache.org/tomcat"
scope="external">jakarta.apache.org/tomcat</xref></li>
<li>Extract the compressed file containing Apache Tomcat on your local file
system.</li>
<li>Add the Apache Tomcat runtimes. For details on how to do this, refer to
the <i>Add the Apache Tomcat runtimes</i> link on the bottom of this topic.</li>
</ul></p><p>To create a Apache Tomcat server:</p></prereq>
<steps id="steps">
<step><cmd>In the Servers view, right-click and select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol>.
The Define a New Server wizard opens.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Select the server type</uicontrol> list, select
the Tomcat server defined in the previous step.</cmd><info><note type="tip">If
you did not specify the Tomcat install directory, the Define a New Server
wizard will prompt you for this information.</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>Start the Tomcat server.</cmd><info>In the Servers view, right-click
the Tomcat server and select <uicontrol>Start</uicontrol>.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Test your setup of the Tomcat server.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Open a Web browser.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Type the Web address <codeph>http://localhost:8080/</codeph>.
If you see the Apache Tomcat start page, you have successfully set up your
Tomcat server.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002369?>
